hello in this tutorial let's learn
how to make a focus of study
photographic home and very economical for
the first thing we need to do is go to
the shop 100 pesetas to the Chinese more
nearby and buy the typical salad bowl
of plastic
4 caps 4 bulbs and a bowl that
lace with the salad bowl below
to the plastic bowl will
with a drill four holes the same
diameter than the caps that we have
bought once with the caps
embedded in the salad bowl we will put
all the wiring from behind behind
the caps
then we take the bowl more
small and we will make a hole for you
pass the cable we will pass the cable
plug and we will place the bowl in the
bottom part of the salad bowl this
Well bowl can be glued with silicone
with glue or with insulating tape or with
the first thing you find on hand in my
case I give him glue and floor that
I had over there because it's about doing
the economic and to spend the least
possible with those with the materials that
we have at our reach
once done this runs the inside of
the plastic salad bowl with paper
albal this makes it better to cool the
light
and at the same time makes the plastic does not
heat sheath of light bulbs for
that albal paper will not be spoiled by
the edge of the salad bowl I put a
little bit of electrical tape below
I got the parasol of a car
Reflective look and I cut it into pieces
those pieces I was sticking around
the salad bowl with five floors
then with a chosen rope
concise
to act as a handle and that's all already
we have our focus of result very
professional as if it were perfectly
a focus of 500 euros in a very
economic with the materials that we have
at our reach in our house in
our neighborhoods
if you liked this tutorial and
they want to follow my next tutorials
please subscribe to the channel and give me
like thank you very much